strangers from distant lands Friends or
you've been summoned here to answer the
threat of Mordor middle-earth stands
upon the brink of destruction bring
forth the rigging
J you do have the ring don't you yes yes
I I have the ring the thing is last
night me and some buddies had a little
too much Mead and we ended up at the
piercing parlor
and long story short
oh my god
it's a gift you're damn right it's a
gift it's called the Prince Albert and
it's my precious so you're telling us
that you took the fabled ring of Sauron
the One Ring that could destroy all of
middle-earth and attached it to your
your little Hobbit there it was easy see
what they do is they heat up this metal
spike and they drive it through your
penis man they just wiggle it around a
little bit to make sure the hole is big
enough and then they just put a hinge on
the ring snap it shut
boom it's on there forever baby that's
disgusting you say that now this little
bad boy gets the ladies where they're
trying to go every time we must be
destroyed yo eyebrows stay out of this
jack none of us are comfortable with the
fate of middle-earth dangling from gifts
oh my god it's moving the ring must be
destroyed okay fine
I'm taking off G Louise can't get it off
yeah
[Music]
maybe somebody should help him with that
him
[Music]
whistle
put down the axe you know I knew you
guys wouldn't be supportive
Gimli when you wanted to grow a beard we
all said it would look dumb but you did
it anyway and now you've got a cool Rob
Zombie thing going on and Elrond the
head band
it's a little 1983 but that's cool and
Frodo you remember when Frodo
yo Frodo
eyes up here jack
you're right none of us have been very
supportive and it is a very attractive
piercing is it okay if I take a closer
look
but of course milady
you might notice the fine craftsmanship
let's get this bitch to mount dude
[Music]